Add the FINAL-NOTE in the KYMA.README (#18728)
kyma-project/kyma: README.md

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@kymaproject-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/kymaproject)
[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/kyma-project/kyma)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/kyma-project/kyma)

> [!NOTE]

> > We are delighted to announce that Kyma has successfully undergone its transformation, achieving modularity. The [global Kyma releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) were discontinued. Now, Kyma modules provide one functionality developed independently of the other ones. To benefit from the functionalities, subscribe to individual Kyma module repositories. You can add and delete modules without installing the monolithic Kyma. For more details, please refer to [Kyma Modules](https://kyma-project.io/#/06-modules/README).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We are delighted to announce that Kyma has successfully undergone its transformation, achieving modularity. The [global Kyma releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) were discontinued. Now, each Kyma module provides one functionality developed independently of the other ones. To benefit from the functionalities, subscribe to individual Kyma module repositories. You can add and delete modules without installing the monolithic Kyma. For more details, please refer to [Kyma Modules](https://kyma-project.io/#/06-modules/README).
```
